Prepare CHANGELOG for 0.2.3 release (#26)
Sensirion/embedded-svm40: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [0.2.3] - 2021-01-06

>  * `[changed]` Warn if the firmware version is older than 2.2 in the examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `[changed]` Print warning if the firmware version is older than 2.2 in the examples
```
